[dbt] Separate the docs for dbt. Include a new section in MVs to cover the new target table setting (#5475)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/integrations/data-ingestion/etl-tools/dbt/features-and-configurations.md

sidebar_label: 'Features and configurations'
slug: /integrations/dbt/features-and-configurations
sidebar_position: 2

> description: 'Description of the features and general configurations available'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Description of the features and general configurations available in the dbt-clickhouse adapter'
```
